hey guys what's up this is another iOS
app development video and today I'm
gonna be teaching you copy and paste
actions right from a button instead of
having to go through that cumbersome
process of you know like tapping and
highlighting text and then having to
copy it with this this action you can
easily just from the tap of copy text or
an image from the tap of one button so
it's really great this is probably gonna
be also one one more thing this is
probably going to be the only video for
this week I wanted to get one out to you
for this week but I'm moving again so
it's like ah my good mic is packed so
I'm sorry if the sound quality is not as
good and I'll probably be able to get
I'll probably be over with this by next
Monday so that's probably one I'll be
able to get a new video out to you so
I'm sorry about that but anyways let's
get started we can select a single video
view application but of course it'll
work in any of these we can call it copy
paste it doesn't doesn't matter Heys
like that copy paste so just click next
and click create now we're gonna do is
jump into our viewcontroller.h and after
the uiviewcontroller we're gonna make
these brackets and close them inside of
those brackets we're gonna create the
paste board so we're gonna do UI paste
board we'll call it page paste board but
of course you just call it whatever you
like and we're gonna also do a label and
a field so we're gonna do ib outlet UI
label label and i'm gonna do ib outlet
UI text field to call it field okay so
that's all we need in between the
brackets and now we just need two
actions one for a copy I want for paste
now so we'll just do an IB action coffee
text ID sender and one for IV action
paste text ID Center now this is great
because it you can copy it from your app
and it will remember it and you can
paste the text in virtually any other
app on your iPhone or iPad or iPod Touch
doesn't really matter so that's all we
need in our view controller H copy those
actions because I'm lazy and go into our
beat controller dot am sorry guys okay
so first we wanted to do one thing in
the viewdidload so you're gonna go down
here and do after superheated load what
we're gonna do paste board if you do not
do this it will not work paste board
equals UI paste board we're just calling
it what type of paste board it is and
general general Facebook so that's all
we needed and that will make it work
correctly so now we can to copy the text
we can do paste board dot string equals
field dot txt simple as that so easy and
to paste it let's say we want to paste
it in our label now you don't have to do
this but this is just representation of
how to paste so we're gonna do a sport
gods string oh sorry Wow okay label dot
text equals paste board string so that's
all we need there to paste it okay so
that's all we need it's very simple and
now basically we're done the coding so
what we can do is go into our view
controller dot XIV drag in two buttons
and two labels I mean sorry one label
and a text field there we go
nothing fancy but of course you can make
it fancy if you'd like we'll just make
this copy and we'll make this
pace its well I cannot think today okay
so now we're gonna go into our files
owner and connect our field to our field
or labeled to our label our copy through
our copy touch up inside and I'll paste
X to our paste button and touch on the
side as well so let's run this and see
if it works
give it a second it's a little okay so
here we go let's enter something let's
say hello let's copy this and let's
paste it and as you can see it pastes
the text from the hello field to the
yellow label so now let's paste what we
wrote like click and copy and go into
another program wow I have okay let's
just go into Safari I paste it into bang
click paste and as you can see hello
pops up now just to prove this to you
let's go to another one let's just say
what's up okay so we can click copy go
into a program like Safari and we can
hold and click paste and as you can see
it remembers it and you can paste it in
any program and that's the awesome thing
about copy and paste it's so easy to do
as well
we can click paste and it will paste
into our label so I hope you enjoyed I
hope this was helpful and thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you later